yahoo_upcoming
    by James Tucker
    http://ra66i.org
    http://github.com/raggi/yahoo_upcoming

== DESCRIPTION:

This is an incomplete but quite functional API implementation to yahoo
upcoming. It's actually a stab case gone too far, in that this started as a
single file.

I have no real use case for this, and as such, little motivation to finish it.
Requirements before release are:
 * Complete API calls that require POST (not covered by the meta-crap)
 * Add tests or specs

Personally, I won't release the lib until these are done.

To complete the API, look at the API docs on yahoo upcoming, and line up with
the example in +Event#add+.

At present this serves as an example of a reasonable pattern for implementing
web api handlers not covered by typical REST libs. There are various notes in
the code that bear further attention.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* FIXME (list of features or problems)

== SYNOPSIS:

  FIXME (code sample of usage)

== REQUIREMENTS:

* ruby
* socket
* net/http
* net/https
* rack (specifically rack/utils)
* nokogiri or hpricot
* yaml

== INSTALL:

No packaging done. Won't be committed to master until tests.

* FIXME (sudo gem install, anything else)

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008 James Tucker

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
